chore: Add warning if fix_stylesheet is off (#1421)
newrelic/newrelic-browser-agent: docs/warning-codes.md

### 45
`An internal agent process failed to execute.`
### 46
`A reserved eventType was provided to recordCustomEvent(...) -- The event was not recorded.`
### 47

> `With fix_stylesheet off, ensure that all of your CSS are decorated with the "crossorigin='anonymous'" attribute or are publicly accessible. Replays may display bad layout otherwise.`

Reviewer: Only warn if "fix_stylesheets" was on but we failed to fix it
```suggestion
`We tried to access a stylesheet's contents but failed due to browser security. For best results, ensure that cross-domain CSS assets are decorated with "crossorigin='anonymous'" attribution or are otherwise publicly accessible.`
```
